# MetPowMon
This repository contains some Matlab routines to 
1. calculate certain parameters based on position and heart rate data
2. access data from Polar Pro Team via API
3. create a comprehensive monitoring report based on 1.

## API


 General notes: 
This script uses the API provided by Polar to access data generated by the Team Pro software for further usage. The authorization is conducted via OAuth2 and uses for
                first-time access an access-token flow which has to be
                manually inserted in the prompt field. After a
                access_token is granted, the script uses a refresh_token
                flow which does not need a manual input. The data is
                submitted as Response-Objects which contain data in a
                struct-form hidden in the Objects-Body. The output is then
                formatted into a table, in which necessary data is stored.

 Notes:
      The code for first time authorisation is granted via the
      redirect_uri in which the code is implemented in the url. If own
      webpage is available, a better flow may be possible. Otherwise the
      data is acquired by request send to the polar server and getting a
      response message in which the data is stored. The output can easily
      be indivdualised by dot-indexing the wanted data. For further
      information read the documentation provided by Polar:
      https://www.polar.com/teampro-api/#teampro-api

 Author: Jan Karsten
 Contact: <jan.karsten@rub.de>
 Written: 23/09/2020
 -----------------------------------------------------------
